then Joe Bond said and I have heard many
such things miserable comforters are you
all sure words of wind have an end or
what provokes you that you answer I also
could speak as you do if your soul were
in my soul's place I could heap up words
against you and shake my head at you but
I would strengthen you with my mouse and
the comfort of my lips would relieve
your grief though I speak my grief is
not relieved and if I remain silent how
am i but now he is warned world you have
made desolate all my company you have
shriveled me up and it is a witness
against me my leanness rises up against
the in bears witness to my face
he tears me in his wrath and hates me he
gnashes at me with his teeth my
adversary sharpens his gaze only they
gape at me with their mouths they strike
me reproachfully on the cheek they
gathered together against me God has
delivered me to the ungodly and turned
me over to the hands of the wicked I was
at ease but he is shattered
he also has taken me by my neck and
shaken me to pieces he has set me up for
his target his archers surround me he
Pierce's my heart and does not pity he
pours out my gall on the ground he
breaks me but wound upon the wound he
runs at me like a warrior I have some
sackcloth over my skin and laid my head
in the dust
my face is flushed from weeping around
my eyelids as the shadow of death
although no violence is in my hands and
my prayer is pure o earth do not cover
my blood and let my cry have no resting
place surely even now my witness is in
heaven and my evidence is on high my
friend scorn me my eyes pour out tears
to God o that one might plead for a man
with God as a man pleads for his
neighbour for when a few years are
finished
I shall go the way of no return
[Music]